hi my name is Bogdan receivers King I'm
a program manager on the consumer
storage team in Windows I'm also
responsible for consumer data protection
and today I'm really excited to
introduce file history the cool new
backup feature in Windows 8 as you all
know we store tons of personal files on
our pcs but somehow most of us neglect
the fact that we can lose those files
when the hard drive fails PC crashes
breaks or gets stolen many people that I
talked to were discouraged by the
complexity of existing backup product
and the time they would have to spend
setting it up in Windows 8 we're fixing
those problem and make it much much
easier today I will show you what we
have done to make it much simpler and
easier to protect your personal files
file history was designed to address
these limitations and make it so easy
that anyone should have no problems
using it we also change our approach to
data protection to adapt it better to
our modern mobile lifestyles to make it
easy to find we added a new ribbon
button in the Windows Explorer
specifically for file history if the
feature wasn't yet enabled and you click
or touch the history button you will see
this window it will tell you that you
have to turn file history on first so
let's do it the provided link lounges
define history control panel applet here
I can select an external hard drive USB
stick or a network attached storage
device I have with me a USB 3.0 three
quarter of a terabyte external drive
it's a perfect match for a file history
USB 3.0 is natively supported by windows
8 and offers great performance and three
quarter of a terabyte of storage should
be enough for my needs I will collect my
drive and
catch the control panel as you can see
the drive was automatically selected
file history automatically select the
most appropriate drive with the largest
amount of free space if that's not what
you need you can always select another
drive or a network location personally I
prefer network at that storage as a
storage target for file history it can
be easily shirt eliminates the cable
clutter and they need to physically
attached a drive ok my drive was
connected and discovered all I have to
do now is to press the turn on button
from now on file history will be
checking my library's every hour for any
file that have changed if it finds any
it will copy them to the dr i just
selected now i will modify some files to
show how file history picks up changes
and how easy it is to find and restore
those files now that we have some
versions of my files backed up let me
show you how easy it is to find and
restore these versions I will open the
Explorer again select my pictures
library and click on the history button
as you can see I have two versions of my
pictures library I need to restore one
specific picture so i will browse the
dislocation note that if you cannot find
the file or don't remember its location
you can always use search the picture i
was looking for was modified twice but i
want to restore the original so i scroll
through versions to the oldest one
that's the picture I need so now i can
click restore as you can see the
original version of the picture was
restored to its original location in
this demo i showed you how to setup file
history and how to use it when you need
to restore a specific version of a file
folder entire library or entire pc i
hope you will find windows with file
history
you to use and valuable give it a try